Update README.md (#2572)
ipfs/js-ipfs: examples/ipfs-101/README.md

# IPFS 101, spawn a node and add a file to the IPFS network

> > This tutorial is the sibling of the [go-ipfs "Using go-ipfs as a library" tutorial](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/blob/master/docs/examples/go-ipfs-as-a-library/README.md).

Author: ```suggestion
> This tutorial is the sibling of the [go-ipfs "Using go-ipfs as a library" tutorial](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/tree/master/docs/examples/go-ipfs-as-a-library).
```
